.de Sh \" Subsection heading
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..

.TH "shveu-convert" 1 "Oct 2009" "SH VEU" "Linux-SH Multimedia"

.SH NAME
shveu-convert \- Convert raw image data using the SH-Mobile VEU

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBshveu-convert\fR
[\-c \fBcolorspace\fR | \-\-input\-colorspace \fBcolorspace\fR ]
[\-C \fBcolorspace\fR | \-\-output-colorspace \fBcolorspace\fR ]
[\-s \fBsize\fR | \-\-input-size \fBsize\fR ]
[\-S \fBsize\fR | \-\-output-size \fBsize\fR ]
[\-o \fBfilename\fR  | \-\-output \fBfilename\fR ]
filename

\fBshveu-convert\fR [\-c \fBcolorspace\fR | \-\-input\-colorspace \fBcolorspace\fR ]
[\-C \fBcolorspace\fR | \-\-output-colorspace \fBcolorspace\fR ]
[\-r  | \-\-rotate]
[\-o \fBfilename\fR  | \-\-output \fBfilename\fR ]
filename

\fBshveu-convert\fR [\-h  | \-\-help ]  [\-v  | \-\-version ]  

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBshveu-convert\fR transforms an input file using the SH-Mobile VEU.
If no output filename is specified, data is output to stdout.
Specify '-' to force output to be written to stdout.
If no input filename is specified, data is read from stdin.
Specify '-' to force input to be read from stdin.
.PP
Note that the VEU does not support combined rotation and scaling.

.SH "Options"
.PP
\fBshveu-convert\fR accepts the following options:

.SS "Input options"
.IP "\-c \fBcolorspace\fR, \-\-input\-colorspace \fBcolorspace\fR" 10
Specify input \fBcolorspace\fR (RGB565, NV12, YCbCr420, YCbCr422).

.IP "\-s \fBsize\fR, \-\-input\-size \fBsize\fR" 10
Set the input image size (qcif, cif, qvga, vga).

.SS "Output options"
.IP "\-o \fBfilename\fR, \-\-output \fBfilename\fR" 10
Specify output filename (default: stdout).

.IP "\-C \fBcolorspace\fR, \-\-output\-colorspace \fBcolorspace\fR
Specify output \fBcolorspace\fR (RGB565, NV12, YCbCr420, YCbCr422).

.SS "Transform options"
.IP "\-S \fBsize\fR, \-\-output\-size \fBsize\fR" 10
Set the output image size (qcif, cif, qvga, vga).
The default output size is the same as the input size, ie. no rescaling.

.IP "\-r, \-\-rotate" 10
Rotate the image 90 degrees clockwise.

.SS "Miscellaneous options"
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 

.SH "File extensions"
File extensions are interpreted as follows unless otherwise specified:
.IP ".yuv" 10
YCbCr420
.IP ".rgb" 10
RGB565

.SH AUTHORS

shveu-convert was written by Conrad Parker

Please report bugs to <linux-sh@vger.kernel.org>
